refactor: added indexes to order tables (#11336)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-17-added-indexes-to-the-order-tables.md

---
title: Added indexes to the order tables
issue: #9387
---
# Core
* Added indexes to the `created_at` and `updated_at` columns for the following tables: `order`, `order_line_item`, `order_address`, and `order_transaction`.  
  This change was introduced through the following migrations:
    - `Migration/V6_7/Migration1752745438AddIndexToOrderCreateAndUpdate.php`
    - `Migration/V6_7/Migration1752750086AddIndexToOrderLineItemCreateAndUpdate.php`
    - `Migration/V6_7/Migration1752750171AddIndexToOrderAddressCreateAndUpdate.php`

>     - `Migration/V6_7/Migration1752750234AddIndexToOrderTransactionCreateAndUpdate.php`

Reviewer: this is not really necessary to mention

---
title: Added indexes to the order tables
issue: #9387
---
# Core

> * Added indexes to the `created_at` and `updated_at` columns for the following tables: `order_line_item`, `order_address`, and `order_transaction`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a shared index to the columns `created_at` and `updated_at` for the tables `order_line_item`, `order_address`, and `order_transaction`.
```
